# NBA reporter Shams revealed that LeBron is ready to participate in the Paris Olympics and has recruited several superstars including KD Curry 
 NBA reporter Shams revealed that LeBron is ready to participate in the Paris Olympics and has recruited several superstars including KD Curry.

LeBron James and Kevin Durant.

Photo/Reuters

LeBron James, a prominent American basketball star, recently left an eye emoji on social media after the US team's loss, sparking speculation (further reading); in the morning of September 11th, US time, well-known journalist Shams Charania released a news scoop, stating that LeBron is serious about playing for the national team next summer and participating in the Paris Olympics. The article mentioned that LeBron has already discussed the matter of participating in the Paris Olympics next year with Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Anthony Davis, Jayson Tatum, and Draymond Green, and they will also be prepared for the competition in Paris Olympics. At the same time, reporter Shams also mentioned that Devin Booker, Damian Lillard, De'Aaron Fox, and Kyrie Irving also want to represent the United States.

Shams also said that LeBron's plan to participate in the Paris Olympics was decided before the start of the World Cup, regardless of how far the team would go or what place they would achieve in the World Cup. The US team failed to win a medal in the World Cup this time, marking the second consecutive World Cup where they failed to stand on the podium. For the United States, this is a warning, and how to achieve a fifth consecutive Olympic victory will be a major challenge that the US Basketball Association will face in the coming year. LeBron James did not participate in the past two Olympic Games (Rio 2016, Tokyo 2020), but he represented the United States in Athens 2004, Beijing 2008, and London 2012, winning 2 gold medals and 1 bronze medal. He also participated in the 2006 World Cup, where he won a bronze medal.