# Active college basketball player Yi-Zhe You will continue to evolve in the new season with unlimited potential 
 Active college basketball player Yi-Zhe You will continue to evolve in the new season with unlimited potential.

In recent years, the trend of Taiwanese basketball has become popular again. With the handover of the golden generation, the growth of the new generation players has become the focus of attention for fans. One of the rising stars in Taiwanese basketball is Yi-Zhe You, who dominated the small giant egg from high school to college.

Basketball was introduced to Yi-Zhe You in high school and it has become a part of his life since then.

He used to follow his family to the tribal court, where he not only enjoyed the joy of running, but also the excitement of scoring. "Now I feel that basketball has brought me a lot of gains. The feeling on the court is that if I do something well, I can get a sense of accomplishment from it." Yi-Zhe You said, "The game is constantly changing, and I imagine the result of every play. If I can send the ball to where I want it to be, I will feel happy and excited, and I think this feeling is really great."

In junior high school, Yi-Zhe You participated in a basketball team similar to a "basketball club". He saw playing basketball as entertainment and did not feel too much pressure.

Later, through the introduction of relatives, he came to Nan Ren High School to challenge the top group: "With the environment of Nan Ren and the help of senior students at that time, I felt very comfortable there. I also learned that Nan Ren is a school that is good at cultivating guards, and I wanted to challenge myself by coming here to play." In his second year of high school, he suffered a serious metatarsal fracture. "At that time, I was very depressed because it was the first time I encountered such an injury.

I went home and rested for a while, and I also communicated with my family at that time, because I didn't play well in the first year and suffered injuries in the second year. There was a slight thought of giving up.

But my family has always given me strength to keep going. The coaching team of Nan Ren also did not give up on me. Coach Cheng-Ming Lin always put me in the position, and I didn't want to let them down, and I didn't want them to regret making this decision. I wanted to prove that although I didn't play well in the first and second years, I still have the ability to lead the team in the third year."

It wasn't until his third year that Yi-Zhe You's efforts paid off. "This year is extraordinary for me. It is a turning point in my life. It is also because of this year that I have played some fame and made many people know me. I also try my best to contribute everything I have learned on the court and let everyone see me. I also have a lot of confidence in myself this year. I know that I have the ability to perform well, but I also understand that it is the coaching team's cultivation that allows me to have such performance." After three consecutive championships at Cheng Chi University, he became the first controller of UBA. During his college years, Yi-Zhe You chose to study communication at National Chengchi University. "Brother Yan-Ting entered the College of Communication when he first came here. He shared some experiences with me. I also wanted to follow him. After I came here, I was more adaptable.

In these three years, I have learned a lot, not only in class, but also in interpersonal relationships. I have gained a lot from the literary atmosphere of Cheng Chi University. When I came here, I became more comfortable." Many players will encounter "self-management" when they go from high school to college. When talking about the biggest difference between college and high school, Yi-Zhe You said: "We don't have a schedule for sports classes. In high school, the coach will take care of everything. When I came to college, there were a lot of free time, so I really have to do better in time management." His self-discipline helped him to adapt to the intensity of UBA after he went to college, and he won the Newcomer King, Assist King, and Steal King in his first year, and won the first UBA championship. What was the experience of Yi-Zhe You? "That year was the most tiring year for me in these three years. I don't know if I was adapting to the intensity of UBA at the time, but Coach Tzu-Wei always gave me opportunities and was willing to believe in me and let me take on this responsibility in my first year. He also let me play well in tactical configuration.

I was really happy that year. I can win the championship with my seniors and let me know that winning the championship is really not easy."

In his second and third year, Yi-Zhe You won the Assist King and Steal King all the way, and also completed three consecutive championships. When it comes to the different championships, Yi-Zhe You revealed: "I think these two years are a process, and gradually I have to become a leader from a younger brother. In my first and second year, I just followed the seniors step by step, but when I faced key moments in my third year, I realized that I had to stand up and take responsibility.

The two championships in my second and third years felt about the same, which was to achieve a phased goal." However, as a player at Cheng Chi University, he must balance academics and basketball skills. After sweating and training, he must rush to class and take care of his appearance. Yi-Zhe You relies on the Men's Research Amino Acid Facial Cleanser to combat the oily skin after training. When talking about how to maintain a refreshing appearance after training, Yi-Zhe You revealed his secret weapon to us: "Usually after playing basketball, I feel that washing my face is not clean, but after washing my face, I feel dry and tight, and then I get oily quickly."

"After using the Men's Research Amino Acid Facial Cleanser, the overall feeling is not dry, and the feeling is very clean and smart. After washing, my face won't be slippery, and the oily condition will also improve." Yi-Zhe You added, "After training, if you have to go to class or have a team dinner, just wash your face, and you will look clean and not oily."

Unsatisfied with the current situation, Yi-Zhe You looks to the future. Although he has played comprehensive performances, he thinks that his shooting still needs to be improved: "I still haven't shown everyone in the game that 'I have this ability', but I think I have to keep practicing, whether it is in training or in the game, I have to keep doing it. Of course, I hope that I can become stronger in this aspect and have weapons to challenge after I become a professional."

This summer vacation, Yi-Zhe You led Cheng Chi University to compete everywhere, including the world university games in Taiwan and the other side of the strait, WUBS defeated NCAA's first-level team to win the championship, and the cross-league invitation tournament defeated the professional team undefeated and won the championship, etc. Yi-Zhe You owes everything to the team's tacit understanding, especially the amazing behind-the-back passes during the World University Games, which were circulated on the Internet. When it comes to the behind-the-back pass during the World University Games, Yi-Zhe You humbly said: "At that time, there was not much time left. I cut in and found that there was no chance. After I turned around and found that Cheng-Hsun had a cut, I felt that it didn't matter even if I made a mistake at this time (Laughs).

At that time, Chen-Kang (Chen-Kang Tsai) actually ran to the top of the arc, but I didn't even look at him, and I turned around and found that Cheng-Hsun was open, and finally he received it and made a beautiful layup. Only when the teammates cooperate can there be such a result."

In his basketball career, two star players have had a particularly deep impact on him. When talking about his favorite NBA player, Yi-Zhe You said: "If I have to say, it's LeBron James! He was my favorite player when I was a kid, and I watched the NBA for the first time. I was particularly impressed by his leadership ability.

Although he is now older, I think his leadership style has been maintained. I like his interpretation of the game and I think he has a very high basketball IQ."

As for the idol of Taiwanese basketball, Yi-Zhe You revealed: "For Taiwan, it's Chen Ying-Chun. We are both playing the same position, and his performance on both ends of the offense and defense, as well as his ability to handle the ball, are what I want to learn from. His dominance on the court is something that is difficult for me to learn, but I want to move in that direction."

Yi-Zhe You's excellent performance has also attracted the attention of his predecessors in the professional league. When interviewing Wei-Han Lin in the past, Wei-Han once revealed that among the new generation of players, he is particularly optimistic about Yi-Zhe. In response, Yi-Zhe You modestly said: "I have been watching Brother Wei-Han's game. Brother Wei-Han is also the benchmark for me to learn from.

It feels really comfortable to watch Brother Wei-Han play. He has a good grasp of controlling the rhythm. I'm really grateful for Brother Wei-Han's affirmation, and I will work harder to catch up with the footsteps of my seniors!"

Finally, Yi-Zhe You shared his plans for the future. After graduation, he will participate in the draft, but he is not limited to specific professional leagues such as CBA, Taiwanese basketball, or Japanese BLG. He hopes to find a team that suits his development, whether in Taiwan or elsewhere. He will continue to work hard, pursue his basketball dreams, and thank the fans for their support.

Men's Research Amino Acid Facial Cleanser: Wash your face to help you regain good skin quality: https://hodr.men/KPhrE 