#  38-year-old Lakers star LeBron James becomes the first player in NBA history to average 28 
  38-year-old Lakers star LeBron James becomes the first player in NBA history to average 28.9 points in his 20th season

The NBA playoffs in the United States will begin today (12th), and Lakers star LeBron James will also complete his 20th regular season of his career.

According to statistics, James has an average of 28.9 points this season, which is the highest among players who have completed their 20th season in the league.

Despite only playing 55 games this season due to injuries, James still leads the team with an average of 28.9 points. If it weren't for his limited game appearances, the 38-year-old James could have ranked 7th in the league's scoring list.

On January 31st, James scored 28 points, 11 assists, and 10 rebounds, leading the team to victory with an excellent triple-double performance.

In NBA history, including this season's James and recently retired Heat spiritual leader, 42-year-old Haslem (Udonis Haslem), there are a total of 11 players who have completed at least 20 seasons in their careers. However, only James can perform as well as the younger players. According to data from the American statistical media StatMuse, James, in his 20th season, averaged 28.9 points. Following him is the late Lakers star Bryant, who averaged 17.6 points in his 20th season in 2015-16, and the third is Nowitzki in 2017-18, who averaged 12 points. James graduated from high school in 2003 and entered the NBA draft as the first overall pick for the Cleveland Cavaliers.

Since 2006, the NBA has prohibited high school graduates from directly joining the league. For James, playing one year in advance gave him an advantage. According to ESPN, James mentioned in an interview that he owes his ability to play 20 seasons at a high level to his personal trainer, Mancias.

James said, "Without him, it would be impossible for me to maintain this level of performance. He plays a crucial role in my game and my performance. I can rely on myself to play 7 to 12 seasons, but it would be impossible to play 20 seasons without him."

Mancias was hired as the Cavaliers' assistant strength and conditioning coach in the 2002 season and developed a good working relationship with James, who joined the team the following year. In 2004, James hired him as his personal trainer, and they have been working together ever since.