# PLG Yulon Dinos announced that the flying team has added another member to their lineup with the signing of Kennedy Meeks 
 PLG Yulon Dinos announced that the flying team has added another member to their lineup with the signing of Kennedy Meeks. The 28-year-old center from North Carolina State University in the United States stands at 208cm and weighs 115kg. He was a starting player for the North Carolina team that won the NCAA championship in 2016-17. After graduation, Meeks briefly joined the NBA Development League's Toronto Raptors before playing in professional leagues in Japan, France, and the Dominican Republic. In the 2019-20 season in the Japanese B League, he played 31 games, averaging 34 minutes, 21 points, 10.9 rebounds, and 1.2 blocks per game. In the 2021-22 season, he played 25 games in the French league, averaging 7.4 points and 3.6 rebounds per game. Although he suffered an injury in his first game in the Dominican Republic league in August 2022, he has since recovered and returned to training after nearly 8 months of rehabilitation. Joining the Yulon Dinos will be an important restart for Meeks in his basketball career.

Head coach Carmino said, "Meeks is a highly skilled inside player. His solid offensive skills can make up for the team's lack of low-post scoring. His excellent screening skills can create more scoring opportunities for local players. We look forward to him adapting quickly to Taiwan and playing at the high level he showed in Japan and France before his injury last season." Meeks said, "I am grateful to the Yulon Dinos organization and coach Carmino for their trust in me. Although I am just recovering from an injury, I will prove myself and help the team win." 