#  Italy regains its touch in the second half and defeats Puerto Rico 73-57 to advance to the quarterfinals 
  Italy regains its touch in the second half and defeats Puerto Rico 73-57 to advance to the quarterfinals.

In the last match of the Round of 16 in the World Cup, Puerto Rico faced Italy. Both teams came into the game with previous victories, setting up a winner-takes-all situation. Italy had a slight lead over Puerto Rico in the first half, and despite a minor setback in the third quarter, they regained their rhythm and pulled away in the fourth quarter to secure the win and advance to the quarterfinals.

Italy started the game trailing by four points but quickly turned the tables with a 15-0 run. They maintained the lead for most of the first half, with Stefano Tonut scoring 13 points. Although Puerto Rico had a higher shooting percentage than Italy, their offensive initiator, Tremont Waters, made too many mistakes (7 turnovers). Puerto Rico managed to narrow the gap in the latter part of the second quarter, but Italy still led 39-36 at halftime.

In the second half, both teams became more familiar with each other's offensive strategies, resulting in more aggressive defense. Italy struggled on the offensive end, scoring only three points in the first five minutes and falling behind Puerto Rico. Fortunately, Italy regained stability towards the end of the third quarter and entered the fourth quarter with a four-point lead.

In the fourth quarter, Italy continued their strong performance from the end of the third quarter. Luigi Datome, Giampaolo Ricci, and Simone Fontecchio all made three-pointers, extending the lead to more than ten points.

Italy ultimately held on to their lead and defeated Puerto Rico 73-57, securing their spot in the final eight. Their direct qualification for the Paris Olympics will depend on the outcome of the quarterfinals. Italy's dominance on the boards, outrebounding their opponents by 19, played a crucial role in their victory.

Four players scored in double digits for Italy, with Giampaolo Ricci and Stefano Tonut both contributing 15 points, Simone Fontecchio recording 12 points and 12 rebounds, and Luigi Datome adding 11 points. Waters' underperformance for Puerto Rico, scoring only 13 points and 9 assists, was one of the reasons for their loss. Jordan Howard was the highest-scoring player for Puerto Rico with just 11 points.