# San Antonio Spurs Win Top Pick in NBA Draft Lottery, Set to Select French Star Victor Wembanyama
 The San Antonio Spurs have won the top pick in the NBA draft lottery, giving them the opportunity to select the highly touted French player, Victor Wembanyama. If they are able to sign him, it will be the third time in franchise history that the Spurs have acquired a game-changing big man. The lottery included the 14 teams that did not make the playoffs this season. The Detroit Pistons, Houston Rockets, and San Antonio Spurs had the highest probability of winning the top pick, with each team having a 14.0% chance. The Spurs, represented by team executive Peter J. Holt, secured the top pick, while the Charlotte Hornets and Portland Trail Blazers won the second and third picks, respectively. The fourth pick went to the Rockets. Wembanyama, a 19-year-old 7'3" (221 cm) French center, is expected to make an immediate impact in the NBA. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver described him as an incredible young talent and a generational big man. This marks the Spurs' third time winning the draft lottery. In the past, they used their top picks to select David Robinson in 1987 and Tim Duncan in 1997, both of whom played pivotal roles in the team's five championship victories under head coach Gregg Popovich. The Spurs finished this season with a record of 22 wins and 60 losses, tying them for the second-worst record in the league. Popovich has had great success in the past with international players like Manu Ginobili from Argentina and Tony Parker from France, and now he has the opportunity to build a new dynasty with Wembanyama. The rest of the lottery picks, in order, are the Detroit Pistons, Orlando Magic, Indiana Pacers, Washington Wizards, Utah Jazz, Dallas Mavericks, Orlando Magic again, Oklahoma City Thunder, Toronto Raptors, and New Orleans Pelicans.