# The Chinese men's basketball team, consisting of 9 players from the World Cup roster, has been announced to compete in the Asian Games in Hangzhou at the end of September 
 The Chinese men's basketball team, consisting of 9 players from the World Cup roster, has been announced to compete in the Asian Games in Hangzhou at the end of September. However, center Zhou Qi will not be on the list due to a diagnosis of herniated disc.

The 12-man roster includes Zhao Rui, Zhao Jiwei, Cheng Shuaipeng, Hu Mingxuan, Zhang Zhenlin, Cui Yongxi, Zeng Fanbo, Zhu Junlong, Fu Hao, Hu Jinqiu, Yu Jiahao, and Wang Zhelin. The three players who were not on the World Cup roster are Cheng Shuaipeng, Zeng Fanbo, and Yu Jiahao.

The reason for naturalized player Li Kai'er's absence from the Asian Games is due to the conflict with the NBA training camp schedule. As for Zhou Qi, after leaving the fifth game against the Philippines due to injury, he did not return to the court and went back to China for further examination.

The results showed that he had a herniated disc on the L5 S1, which is commonly known as sciatica. This can cause pain in the left leg or lower extremities, and even numbness. Zhou Qi will seek confirmation from multiple doctors about the severity of the injury. If it is serious, it will take more than a month to treat, which means he will miss the Hangzhou Asian Games. The Asian Games will take place from 9/23 to 10/8 in Hangzhou, and China's opponents in the group stage are Lebanon, Taiwan, and Mongolia. Their first game will be against Mongolia on 9/26.