#  38-year-old Lakers star James becomes the first player in NBA history to average 28 
  38-year-old Lakers star James becomes the first player in NBA history to average 28.9 points in his 20th season

The NBA playoffs in the United States will begin today (12th), and Lakers star LeBron James will also complete his 20th regular season in his career.

According to statistics, James has averaged 28.9 points this season, the highest among players who have completed their 20th season in the league. Despite only playing 55 games this season due to injuries, James still ranks first on the team with an average of 28.9 points. If he had played more games, the 38-year-old James could have ranked 7th in the league's scoring list. On January 31st, James scored 28 points, 11 assists, and 10 rebounds, leading the team to victory with an excellent triple-double performance.

In NBA history, including James this season and the recently retired Heat spiritual leader Haslem, who is 42 years old, there are a total of 11 players who have played at least 20 seasons in their careers. However, only James can perform like a young player. According to statistics from the American data media StatMuse, James, who has completed his 20th season, has averaged 28.9 points, with the late Lakers star Bryant ranking second with an average of 17.6 points in the 2015-16 season. Dirk Nowitzki, in the 2017-18 season, ranks third with an average of 12 points. James graduated from high school in 2003 and joined the Cleveland Cavaliers as the first overall pick that year.

Since 2006, the NBA has prohibited high school graduates from directly joining the league. For James, playing one year in advance also gave him an advantage.

According to ESPN, James mentioned in an interview that he owes his ability to play 20 seasons at a high level to his personal trainer, Mike Mancias. James said, "If it weren't for him, it would be impossible for me to still perform at this level. He plays a crucial role in my games and my performances. I could rely on myself to play for 7 to 12 seasons, but it would be impossible to play 20 seasons without him."

Mancias was hired as the assistant strength and conditioning trainer for the Cavaliers in the 2002 season and has since developed a good working relationship with James, who joined the team the following year. In 2004, James hired him as his personal trainer, and they have been working together ever since.