# 

Doc Rivers, the former coach of the Philadelphia 76ers, who led the team to the second round of the playoffs last season, was fired by the team and has now taken on a new role as an ESPN commentator 
 

Doc Rivers, the former coach of the Philadelphia 76ers, who led the team to the second round of the playoffs last season, was fired by the team and has now taken on a new role as an ESPN commentator. Recently, he was invited to a show to talk about his time coaching James Harden and his thoughts on Harden's trade request. Rivers first said, "I don't know if I had already anticipated that this would happen, but when you see James (Harden) exercise his player option, you know there will be trouble."

"I think he definitely believed that he would be traded as he wished, but it didn't happen. The 76ers definitely considered the overall direction of the team in making this decision, and it was a difficult situation for both parties. I'm not surprised by the outcome," Rivers added.

Since he was on the show, the host didn't miss the chance to ask Rivers about his experience coaching Harden and the extent of their relationship. Rivers replied that their relationship was not bad, but not great either. He described it as "honest and communicative." During his time coaching Harden, Rivers constantly communicated with him on the court and hoped that Harden would play in the right way to win games. There was no compromise on the court. Finally, the host asked Rivers if he had any advice for Harden now, to which Rivers said, "Just go out and play. Everything will be resolved. James (Harden) is a great player, and the situation in Philadelphia is not what he wants. We all know that he is in a difficult situation, and when you say those things, it's hard to turn back."