#  PLEAGUE New Taipei King Billy Preston Unboxing

The biggest addition to the New Taipei King this year is undoubtedly the joining of Jeremy Lin 
  PLEAGUE New Taipei King Billy Preston Unboxing

The biggest addition to the New Taipei King this year is undoubtedly the joining of Jeremy Lin. His appearance in the warm-up game held in Keelung was also the focus of attention. But this time we are not discussing Lin, but rather focusing on the King's new foreign player, Billy Preston. There was another article that introduced Billy before, from his time as a five-star high school player to being suspended in college and ultimately not being drafted in the NBA, leading him to Taiwan.

Billy's story can be referred to here: [NCAA] The Ripple Effect of the NCAA Recruiting Scandal - The Story of Billy Preston's Journey to the New Taipei King. The King played two warm-up games, the first against the Dreamers and the second against Jeremy Lin's mother team, the Ironmen. Unfortunately, they lost both games. Let's continue reading to see the results of Game 1 on October 8th, 2023 between the Fubon Dreamers and the New Taipei King, with a score of 101-95, and Game 2 on October 9th, 2023 between the New Taipei King and the Kaohsiung Steel Ironmen, with a score of 77-91. Of course, these were just warm-up games and the King was clearly using them to test out their lineups.

Jeremy Lin only played 18 minutes in the first game and rested in the second, along with Manny Harris and Lee Kai-Yan. Lin Chih-Wei, Moon Tae-Jong, Hayden, and Hong Jhih-Shian only played in the second game. It was obvious that Billy was the focus of the King's lineup test.

Although he did not start, he played 25 minutes in both games. The statistics are as follows: Opponent Time Points Rebounds Assists Steals Blocks Turnovers Fouls Field Goals Dreamers 25:21 16 4 0 2 0 0 5/10-2/2-0/0 Ironmen 24:58 13 9 3 1 1 1 2/11-1/5-2/2

Is Billy living up to his five-star potential? Let's briefly discuss his performance in these two warm-up games.

Firstly, Billy doesn't have any major issues with his speed and can shoot mid-range shots well. He also has a good first step and can play off-ball, but we have yet to see his organizational skills or passing ability. One potential problem he may encounter is his lack of physicality and footwork in the paint; he may also be a bit absent-minded on defense and not as aggressive in setting screens. In Game 2, he faced Ironmen's "Peng Peng" Chen Guan-Quan and his shooting accuracy decreased significantly after physical contact (although he didn't have this issue against smaller local players in the fourth quarter of Game 2), so he will need to rely on his speed advantage to adjust. But his style of play and positioning as a foreign player is different from traditional power forwards or centers, and he is not someone who likes to engage in physical battles or frequent body contact.

In terms of the King's lineup, having him play high-post or pick-and-roll may not be the best solution. Please continue reading. From what we've seen so far, his playing style of not needing the ball much may affect his dominance on the court.

But with a strong backcourt in the King, not only the Lin brothers but also the bench players like Lee Kai-Yan and Hong Jhih-Shian who can control the game, his mid-range abilities and scoring advantage will be a great choice to maintain good ball movement and avoid offensive stagnation.

With Jeremy Lin in the regular season, Billy will have more opportunities to score with his mid-range shots. He seems to be in better form than the King's other Asian foreign player, Hayden, and he does have a glimpse of his five-star high school potential in terms of coordination and mobility.

In the future, he will need to overcome the challenge of facing foreign players from other PLG teams, such as the physically strong and experienced Kennedy Meeks from the Yulon Luxgens or the physically imposing Earl Clark from the Taiwan Beer. Will he be able to use his speed advantage to make up for his lack of physicality and avoid getting into foul trouble? This will directly affect his playing time. Please continue reading. As it seems that Davies is already showing signs of his age and injuries, unless there are changes to the PLG's foreign player usage rules (such as allowing two foreign players on the court in the fourth quarter), Billy will likely have to take on more responsibility on both ends of the court when the King only has one foreign player on the court. How he can minimize the risk of injury on defense will be the key to unlocking his offensive potential this season.

Otherwise, if the rule for having only one foreign player on the court in the fourth quarter remains the same, Billy will have a good chance to play on the wing when Q is in the paint. If the King wants to play at a fast pace, they also have Manny Harris, who specializes in this type of play, and with Moon Tae-Jong and Michel focusing on defense in the paint, Billy's positioning may become awkward. Let's look forward to the start of the regular season and the Eastern Super League! [My Facebook Fan Page: https://www.facebook.com/NepenthesSports] [Cover photo source: New Taipei King Facebook Fan Page https://reurl.cc/jvWo1q] For more information about Billy: [P. LEAGUE+] How Did Billy Preston, the New Taipei King's Big Foreign Player, Miss Out on the NBA?