#  PLG Flying Apes and Zhou Yixiang sign extended contract, expected to be the cornerstone of the team

The Taoyuan Puyuan Flying Apes announced today (9/4) that they have signed a 3+2 (three-year contract with a two-year team option) extended contract with Zhou Yixiang 
  PLG Flying Apes and Zhou Yixiang sign extended contract, expected to be the cornerstone of the team

The Taoyuan Puyuan Flying Apes announced today (9/4) that they have signed a 3+2 (three-year contract with a two-year team option) extended contract with Zhou Yixiang. The team stated, "Since joining the Flying Squadron, Zhou Yixiang has become the most experienced pilot. We hope he can provide the team with stable strength and lead the younger players to continue to grow and achieve good results."

Recently, the Taoyuan Puyuan Flying Apes reached an agreement with the Kaohsiung 17 Live Steelmen, acquiring Zhou Yixiang in exchange for Shi Jinyao, Chen Guanquan, and the 4th overall pick in the 2023 draft.

After observing, the team believes that Yixiang can be an important cornerstone for the team's future, and thus, both parties have reached a consensus to sign a 3+2-year extended contract. In the 21-22 season, Zhou Yixiang returned to Taiwan from the CBA, averaging over 40 minutes per game and contributing 12.6 points, 4.9 rebounds, and 3 assists. In the previous season, he played only 7 games due to injuries, averaging nearly 29 minutes per game with 6 points, 2.1 rebounds, and 2 assists. His highest scoring game was 18 points, along with 2 rebounds and 2 assists. Zhou Yixiang is currently participating in team training and actively rehabilitating. He mentioned, "My injury is recovering well at the moment, and I hope to be able to wear the Flying Apes jersey and play in the warm-up games!" The team believes that Yixiang can overcome his past injuries, regain his previous skills, and lead the Flying Apes to achieve good results.