#  NBA Kuzma says Team USA needs stars willing to be role players, Booker retweets "I would"

It appears that the "Redemption Team" of Team USA has added another star player 
  NBA Kuzma says Team USA needs stars willing to be role players, Booker retweets "I would"

It appears that the "Redemption Team" of Team USA has added another star player. Washington Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma stated that if Team USA wants to win the gold medal, they need some stars to accept smaller roles in the 2024 Olympics, and Phoenix Suns guard Devin Booker has volunteered for this position. Kuzma tweeted, "Team USA needs to bring in some stars who know how to be role players. Anyone can handle the ball, but can you calmly defend and hit a few corner threes?" Booker retweeted Kuzma's tweet and wrote, "I would."

According to previous reports, LeBron James has expressed his desire to participate in another Olympics and has started recruiting players such as Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Jayson Tatum, Anthony Davis, and Draymond Green.

If LeGM's recruitment is successful this time, we will be able to see a star-studded Team USA in the Paris Olympics. However, international competitions in recent years have shown that European countries have greatly improved, and every national team has the ability to defeat NBA stars. Therefore, next year's Olympics will be highly anticipated. Team USA will strive for their fifth consecutive Olympic gold medal.

Booker, KD, and Green are members who recently won gold in Tokyo, while LeBron James has not participated in the national team for a while, making this his final dance with Team USA.