#Michael Jordan appeared in the anime "Ultraman" as a baseball player 
 Michael Jordan appeared in the anime "Ultraman" as a baseball player. Not only did Michael Jordan have a huge influence in the NBA, but his fame also spread worldwide, with many elements of Jordan often seen in daily life.

In the famous anime "Ultraman," Michael Jordan unexpectedly made an appearance as a baseball player. The specific plot can be found in episode 43 of the anime titled "The Stormy Baseball Game." In this episode, the Turtle Shopping Street and the South Shopping Street compete to invite singer Xiao Ji to perform by playing a baseball game. The team that wins will have the opportunity to invite Xiao Ji for a concert. In order to win the game, the South Shopping Street recruits many professional athletes to help, including professional football player Shinsei Fronts, track and field athlete Carl Lewis, and professional baseball player Hideki Matsui. It is at this time that Michael Jordan also makes a surprise appearance.

Why were these professional athletes able to become baseball players for the South Shopping Street? It is because the South Shopping Street hired them as temporary workers, giving them the qualification to participate in the game. This was also Michael Jordan's first and last appearance in "Ultraman" as a baseball player for the South Shopping Street. "Ultraman" was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shonen Jump by Japanese manga artist Shotaro Ishinomori from September 21, 1976, to September 17, 2016. Michael Jordan's professional career was from 1984 to 2003. In terms of the timeline, the author Shotaro Ishinomori experienced Jordan's entire career, which may be why Michael Jordan made a surprising appearance in the anime.