#  PLG Flying Apes Announce the Addition of Kennedy Meeks to their Roster

The Taoyuan Puyuan Flying Apes announced today (9/13) that they have signed a contract with power forward Kennedy Meeks, making him the second foreign player to join the team this season 
  PLG Flying Apes Announce the Addition of Kennedy Meeks to their Roster

The Taoyuan Puyuan Flying Apes announced today (9/13) that they have signed a contract with power forward Kennedy Meeks, making him the second foreign player to join the team this season. Meeks, 28 years old, hails from the prestigious basketball school, North Carolina State University, in the United States. Standing at 208 centimeters tall and weighing 115 kilograms, he was a starting player for the North Carolina team that won the NCAA championship in the 2016-17 season. After graduating, Meeks briefly joined the NBA Development League's Toronto Raptors. He then went on to participate in professional leagues in Japan, France, and the Dominican Republic. In the 2019-20 season, he played 31 games in the Japanese B League, averaging 34 minutes, 21 points, 10.9 rebounds, and 1.2 blocks per game. In the 2021-22 season, he played 25 games in the French LNB Pro A, averaging 7.4 points and 3.6 rebounds per game. Although he suffered an injury in his first game in the Dominican Republic league in August 2022, he has since undergone nearly eight months of rehabilitation and has fully recovered and resumed training. Joining the Flying Apes will mark an important new beginning for Meeks as he returns to the basketball court.

Head coach Caminos stated, "Meeks is a highly skilled inside player with solid offensive abilities. He can fill in the team's current lack of low-post offense. His excellent screening skills can create more scoring opportunities for local players. We look forward to him quickly adapting to Taiwan and showcasing the high level of performance he demonstrated in Japan and France before his injury last season." Meeks expressed his gratitude to the Flying Apes organization and Coach Caminos for their confidence in him. Despite just recovering from his injury, he is determined to prove himself and help the team achieve victory.