#The NBA has renamed the Most Valuable Player (MVP) award, which recognizes the player with the most outstanding performance in the regular season, as the Michael Jordan Trophy, paying tribute to one of the greatest basketball players in NBA history 
 The NBA has renamed the Most Valuable Player (MVP) award, which recognizes the player with the most outstanding performance in the regular season, as the Michael Jordan Trophy, paying tribute to one of the greatest basketball players in NBA history. Michael Jordan, who is now 59 years old, played primarily for the Chicago Bulls during his career and won six NBA championships with the team. He was also a five-time NBA MVP.

In 1999, ESPN named him the greatest North American athlete of the 20th century. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2009 and the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2015. The bronze trophy for the Michael Jordan Trophy depicts a player bursting out of a rock, reaching for a crystal basketball held high. The crystal ball has the number 23, paying homage to Jordan's jersey number. The base of the trophy is pentagonal, symbolizing his five MVP awards.

The NBA also renamed five other awards: the Clutch Player of the Year award is now called the Jerry West Trophy, the Defensive Player of the Year award is renamed the Hakeem Olajuwon Trophy, the Rookie of the Year award is now the Wilt Chamberlain Trophy, the Sixth Man of the Year award is now the John Havlicek Trophy, and the Most Improved Player award is renamed the George Mikan Trophy.

NBA Commissioner Adam Silver stated in a press conference, "Our new set of awards is a tribute to some of the greatest and most influential players in NBA history. While we honor the most outstanding players of each season, we also pay homage to the legendary stars who embody these prestigious awards."

The NBA's MVP will now be awarded with The Michael Jordan Trophy, bearing the name of the greatest player of all time. Michael Jordan was a five-time MVP in his career.