# PLG Brothers Connect: Jeremy Lin and Lin Shuwei join the New Taipei Kings

Jeremy Lin 
 PLG Brothers Connect: Jeremy Lin and Lin Shuwei join the New Taipei Kings

Jeremy Lin.

New Taipei Kings team reached a consensus with Chinese-American player Jeremy Lin on the evening of September 14th. In the upcoming season, he will be in New Taipei City, wearing the uniform of the New Taipei Kings, and becoming a part of the team. Upon receiving this news, General Manager Mao Gaen said, "For so many years, we have witnessed Jeremy Lin's unimaginable influence. I have always admired him. It is a great honor for us to have Lin join the New Taipei Kings in the new season, fulfilling the dream of fighting alongside Lin Shuwei. I believe that his joining is not only the best gift for the Kings fans, but also a continuation of his influence in Asian basketball, inspiring young generations to bravely pursue their dreams. Thank you, Jeremy Lin, for embarking on this new future together." New Taipei Kings CEO Chen Xinsheng revealed, "During this period, the New Taipei Kings team made every effort to communicate and discuss with Jeremy Lin's team. We were not even sure if this young team could be considered by a world-class player like Jeremy Lin. During this time, Jeremy Lin essentially got to know the entire New Taipei Kings team in his own way, including the coaching staff, players, management, and even the operations and marketing team. Through this lengthy consideration process, Jeremy Lin ultimately identified with the New Taipei Kings, including the core philosophy of the Wang family in running the team. He chose to move forward to New Taipei City. It can be said that we have passed this extremely careful test. I am honored to announce that Jeremy Lin will be a part of the New Taipei Kings in the upcoming season."