#  The World Cup singles eat Reaves and stick out their tongues, Lithuanian players respond: I know his brother, his brother asked me to trash talk him more 
  The World Cup singles eat Reaves and stick out their tongues, Lithuanian players respond: I know his brother, his brother asked me to trash talk him more.

In yesterday's World Cup round of 16, Lithuanian player Vaidas Kariniauskas successfully performed a low post single against Lakers player Austin Reaves, sticking out his tongue at him. After the game, Lithuania successfully won, and this photo was widely circulated on social media.

In an interview after the game, Vaidas Kariniauskas talked about the tongue sticking gesture. He said, "It has nothing to do with what happened on the court, it's simply a passion for the game. Last season, I played on the same team as Austin Reaves' brother. Before the game, we talked a lot, and Reaves' brother told me, 'Trash talk Reaves a bit more.' So I did it (sticking out my tongue)." Austin Reaves' brother's name is Spencer Reaves, 27 years old this year. He played for Bamberg in the top tier of the German league last season, averaging 6.7 points and 2 rebounds per game. He will be playing for SC Rasta Vechta in the second tier of the German league next season.

In addition to trash talking Reaves, the celebration scene of Lithuania after the game was also captured. It was also Vaidas Kariniauskas who wore a Team USA hat in the locker room after the victory, which sparked discussions. The United States lost to Lithuania yesterday, lagging behind by a large margin in the first half. They made efforts to catch up in the second half but fell short, only securing a spot in the quarterfinals as the second-place team in the group. They will face Italy in the quarterfinals.