#  NBALillard and Antetokounmpo team up for the first time, Bucks defeat Lakers in preseason 

 Photo/Reuters Damian Lillard made his debut with the Milwaukee Bucks in a 108-97 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers 
  NBALillard and Antetokounmpo team up for the first time, Bucks defeat Lakers in preseason 

 Photo/Reuters Damian Lillard made his debut with the Milwaukee Bucks in a 108-97 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers. Lillard's first game with the Bucks was highly anticipated, and his first basket came from an assist by Antetokounmpo. After receiving the pass, Lillard used a hesitation move and sank a three-pointer in front of the defenders.

Lillard also connected with Antetokounmpo for the first time in his debut: playing for 22 minutes, Lillard scored 14 points and had 3 assists.

Antetokounmpo contributed 16 points and 8 rebounds in the Bucks' victory in Milwaukee. Bobby Portis came off the bench for 21 minutes and scored 10 points with 8 rebounds.

Los Angeles power forward Anthony Davis scored 16 points for the Lakers. With Lillard finally completing a trade and joining the Bucks this summer, there is great anticipation for what he and Giannis Antetokounmpo can achieve together. Despite being 33 years old, Lillard is still one of the top point guards in the NBA. Last season, he averaged 32.2 points, 7.3 assists, and 4.8 rebounds, setting a new career-high. With these impressive statistics, the Milwaukee Bucks now appear even stronger than before, and "Dame Time" adds an extra layer of firepower to their roster. 