# NBA Irving talks about representing Australia in international games, but fails to fulfill his wish

Kyrie Irving 
  NBA Irving talks about representing Australia in international games, but fails to fulfill his wish

Kyrie Irving. Photo/Reuters

The FIBA Basketball World Cup is set to start this Friday, August 25th, and the topic of international games has been heating up recently. Who can represent which country has become a hot topic.

Recently, Kyrie Irving revealed during a Twitch livestream that he wanted to represent the Australian team, but unfortunately, it didn't happen.

Irving was born in Melbourne, Australia, but he doesn't hold Australian citizenship because both of his parents are Americans. During the livestream, he mentioned that he actually wanted to represent the Australian team when he was 17 or 18 years old. However, at that time, he was already in the United States, and when he shared his thoughts with his peers, he was laughed at. Some fans even disagreed with his idea.

In the past, Irving has represented the United States and won a gold medal in the 2014 FIBA World Cup and the 2016 Rio Olympics. He even mentioned during the livestream that when representing the United States, he considers himself an international player on the team. At the end of the livestream, Irving added that he chose to join the United States team because his college coach, Coach K (Mike Krzyzewski) from Duke University, recruited him when he was 17 or 18 years old. Irving also said, "Coach K wouldn't let me join the Australian team." In 2012, there were rumors that Irving would join the Australian national team for the London Olympics, but he chose not to join. His name was seen on the roster for the United States Select Team in the London Olympics.