# Is Stephen Curry the greatest point guard of all time? I and Magic Johnson are

Stephen Curry, Gilbert Arenas 
  Is Stephen Curry the greatest point guard of all time? I and Magic Johnson are

Stephen Curry, Gilbert Arenas. The outside world is curious about the greatest player in history, the best player at any position. Whenever people in the basketball world discuss this topic, it attracts a lot of attention. Today, Golden State Warriors star Stephen Curry was interviewed by former player Gilbert Arenas, asking him if he believes himself to be the greatest point guard of all time. Curry first responded, "Yes, I am. I and Magic Johnson should both be in this discussion." The two suddenly burst into laughter. Gilbert Arenas said, "We can look at the statistics for comparison. I didn't play during Magic's era, but I know that at that time, no one would want to be a point guard at 6'9". But when we saw Curry, we witnessed every kid wanting to become Curry. Curry's influence on basketball is enormous."

"We can look at the data to differentiate between Curry and Magic, but in terms of influence, Curry far surpasses Magic. Just look at those who play AAU basketball."

Arenas added. Curry himself responded, "I have to answer this question like this (both are the greatest point guards), but Magic's career achievements are too incredible. I never thought about comparing myself to his past achievements. But as host Arenas said, it's interesting to compare who is better. Who can perform better in whose era, that's the mystery of sports and the reason why we all love watching. I also enjoy it myself."