# Borisa Simanic, a Serbian player in the World Cup 
 Borisa Simanic, a Serbian player in the World Cup.

Photo/FIBA World Cup

A few weeks ago in the group stage of the FIBA World Cup, Serbian player Borisa Simanic suffered a serious kidney injury due to an elbow strike, and due to local medical conditions, he lost one of his kidneys. Recently, he returned to his home country for an interview, talking about the incident and his current recovery.

First, he mentioned the process of dealing with the injury at the time. Simanic said, "Although everything seemed to be going well at first, I faced serious complications and had to have one kidney removed. It felt strange at first, but now things are getting better and I can start walking and eating. I hope to recover quickly."

In fact, Simanic's injury was not a minor one. He had to undergo two surgeries to remove his kidney. Initially, the complications persisted because the doctors said that his remaining kidney was not functioning properly. Simanic recalled the situation at the time, saying, "After undergoing two surgeries, there were five days where I had no idea what was happening outside, I didn't even have my phone. When I finally got my phone after the first surgery, I sent a message to the team, which boosted their morale, and their victory meant a lot to me. In this regard, we support each other. After that, I could only follow their matches through my phone."

The report also revealed his current condition, as he stated that he will have to rest for three months and cannot do anything during this time. He will have to wait until December to know his future. Simanic said, "This time is for my kidney to fully rest and heal. After this period, I will undergo further tests and examinations, and then we will know if I can continue playing basketball."