#The 2023 NBA Draft took place at the Barclays Center in New York yesterday 
 The 2023 NBA Draft took place at the Barclays Center in New York yesterday. The top three picks had their own unique characteristics. As expected, "French Monster" Victor Wembanyama became the first overall pick and joined the San Antonio Spurs. Standing at 7 feet 5 inches (226 cm) with an 8-foot wingspan (243 cm), Wembanyama's physical attributes have attracted attention. Not only does he possess the shooting touch of a guard, but he also has the mobility of a forward. Wembanyama has been considered the top choice for the first overall pick for the past five months.

Wembanyama is now the third player in Spurs history to be selected as the first overall pick, following David Robinson in 1987 and Tim Duncan in 1997. Both of these great centers helped the Spurs win NBA championships.

Now, Wembanyama carries the weight of this responsibility. The Spurs have won the NBA championship five times in their history, with the most recent one being in the 2013-14 season. It is also because of Wembanyama that the Spurs have decided to extend the contract of the legendary coach Gregg Popovich for three more years. They hope to rely on his experience in coaching French stars like Tony Parker and Boris Diaw to help Wembanyama quickly adapt to the intensity and lifestyle of the NBA. Wembanyama shed tears of joy after becoming the first overall pick, saying in an interview with ESPN, "When I heard the NBA Commissioner announce my name, it was like a dream come true. I have dreamt about this moment many times, that's why I cried."

As for the second overall pick, Brandon Miller, who stands at 6 feet 9 inches (205 cm), has excellent 3D physical attributes. He is also the only player among the top three picks who played college basketball in the United States. Although he was picked by the Charlotte Hornets, ESPN reported that during his tryout with the Hornets, Miller told the then-owner and "Basketball God" Michael Jordan that he is not his idol and has rarely watched Jordan play. Miller's journey to becoming the second overall pick has been full of twists and turns. Just a year ago, he was projected to be a second-round pick or even undrafted. However, Miller improved his skills and played for the number one seed in the NCAA men's basketball tournament, the University of Alabama, which propelled him to a lottery pick.

However, in February of this year, Miller was unexpectedly involved in a shooting incident with his college teammates. Although he was ultimately cleared of any wrongdoing, it almost ended his basketball career.

If it wasn't for Wembanyama, the 6-foot-2-inch (188 cm) explosive athlete Jaden Henderson would have had a good chance of becoming this year's first overall pick. Henderson is praised for his good passing vision, excellent physical condition, and leadership qualities on the court. Other than needing to improve his three-point shooting, he has few weaknesses and has a great chance of becoming a highly regarded rookie in the league.

Henderson played in 19 games in the developmental league this year, starting in all of them. He averaged 16.5 points and 6.8 assists per game, but only had a three-point shooting percentage of 27.5%.

It remains to be seen what will happen after the Trail Blazers selected Henderson. Will they initiate a trade involving their star player Damian Lillard, or will they pair him up with Henderson to form a backcourt duo? Only time will tell.