# PLG Flying Apes signed an extended contract with Zhou Yixiang, hoping that he can serve as a cornerstone for the team 
 PLG Flying Apes signed an extended contract with Zhou Yixiang, hoping that he can serve as a cornerstone for the team. The Flying Apes announced today (9/4) that they have signed a 3+2 (three-year contract with a two-year team option) extension with Zhou Yixiang. The team stated, "Since joining the Flying Apes, Zhou Yixiang has become the most experienced pilot. We hope he can provide stable strength to the team and lead his younger teammates to continuous growth and excellent performance."

Recently, the Flying Apes reached an agreement with the Kaohsiung 17 Live Steelmen, acquiring Zhou Yixiang in exchange for Shi Jinyao, Chen Guanquan, and the 4th pick in the 2023 draft.

After observing Zhou Yixiang, the team believes that he can be an important cornerstone for the team's future, hence the agreement to sign a 3+2 year contract extension. In the 21-22 season, Zhou Yixiang returned to Taiwan from the CBA and played over 40 minutes per game, averaging 12.6 points, 4.9 rebounds, and 3 assists. In the previous season, he only played 7 games due to injury, averaging nearly 29 minutes per game with 6 points, 2.1 rebounds, and 2 assists; his highest scoring in a single game was 18 points, along with 2 rebounds and 2 assists. Zhou Yixiang is currently training with the team and actively rehabilitating. He mentioned, "My injury is recovering well at the moment, and I hope to be able to wear the Flying Apes jersey and play in the warm-up games!" The team believes that Zhou Yixiang can overcome his past injuries, regain his previous skills, and lead the Flying Apes to a successful performance.