# Introduction to the Fukushima Commercial High School Team at the Chang Yao Cup

When talking about the Fukushima region in Japan, it is hard to escape the impression of the "City of Tragedy 
 Introduction to the Fukushima Commercial High School Team at the Chang Yao Cup

When talking about the Fukushima region in Japan, it is hard to escape the impression of the "City of Tragedy." With a history of tragedies such as nuclear power and earthquakes and tsunamis, the overall innovative development of the local industry has always been hindered and filled with hardships. However, this has never affected the local citizens' enthusiastic support for sports and its development. Starting with professional baseball, soccer, and basketball teams in the area, Fukushima is united in the hope of reshaping the established impression of them through sports. Fukushima Commercial High School is a boys' basketball team that was born in such an environment and spirit.

In 2003, Fukushima Commercial High School established its basketball team, organized by Coach Shinya Mizuno. Coach Mizuno is known for leading the team's offense through defense. He is not only the head coach of the Japanese U18 high school boys' basketball team in the 31st China-Japan-Korea Youth Basketball Exchange Tournament, but also led Fukushima Commercial High School to the National High School Basketball Tournament three times between 2003 and 2013, achieving the team's best ranking of 32nd.

Coach Shinya Mizuno is the head coach of the Japanese U19 boys' basketball team this year. In 2021, Coach Mizuno returned to Fukushima Commercial High School to coach the boys' basketball team, bringing about a new period of teamwork. Within a short period of three years, Fukushima Commercial High School has established itself as a powerhouse in the high school basketball rookie championship, and successfully advanced to the top four this year. Although the school, due to the public system in Japan, is unable to quickly strengthen its overall combat power by recruiting foreign players like other Japanese schools, cultivating more local players is actually an aspect that is valued and hoped for by the Japanese student basketball world.

After finishing the China-Japan-Korea Youth Basketball Exchange Tournament at the end of August, Coach Mizuno will lead the Fukushima Commercial High School boys' basketball team to Taiwan. For this team that continues to challenge and grow, Fukushima Commercial High School sees their participation in the Chang Yao Cup as an important preparation for the Winter Cup in November. Coach Mizuno said, "Being able to compete and exchange with players of the same age from different countries is a very valuable opportunity for us." He hopes that through international competition, the players' perspectives and skills will be further developed, and the future development of Fukushima Commercial High School can be expected.