# The Japanese roster for the Asian Games has been announced, with only one player from the World Cup squad, 18-year-old rising star Yusho Kawashima, making the cut 
 The Japanese roster for the Asian Games has been announced, with only one player from the World Cup squad, 18-year-old rising star Yusho Kawashima, making the cut.

Koya Kawasada and Yusho Kawashima.

Photo/FIBA The basketball competition of the Hangzhou Asian Games will begin on September 26, less than a month from now. The player rosters of various countries have been gradually announced, and the Japanese team has also released its official 12-player roster for the Asian Games. Only one player from the recently concluded World Cup, Koya Kawasada, has been included in the Asian Games lineup. Another highlight of the roster is the inclusion of 18-year-old super rookie Yusho Kawashima. The Japanese team's roster is as follows: Takumi Saito, Yoshikazu Imamura, Wataru Kumagai, Ryo Terashima, Kazuki Hosokawa, Koya Kawasada, Yo Nishino, Raita Akaho, Shinji Takashima, Masato Ichikawa, Java Eo Yoneyama (Yusho Kawashima).

Japan recently finished 19th in the World Cup, showing significant improvement compared to the previous tournament in 2019. In addition to their improved performance, they secured a spot in the Tokyo Olympics, breaking a 48-year drought. The focus of the Asian Games team is mainly on developing second-string players. Only one player from the World Cup squad, Koya Kawasada, has made it to the final 12-player roster for the Asian Games.

Koya Kawasada mainly served as a backup center in the World Cup, playing for over five minutes only in the game against Germany. In other games, his playing time was limited. Without the addition of any naturalized centers in the Asian Games team, he is expected to team up with the 206cm-tall Masato Ichikawa to protect Japan's paint. Yusho Kawashima is the biggest highlight of the Japanese team for the Asian Games. At just 18 years old, he has already been selected for the senior national team. Before turning 18, he has led Japan in two U17 and U19 World Cups, with a best finish of eighth place in the U19 tournament at the end of June. He averaged 13.4 points and 4.6 rebounds in the U19 World Cup. Currently, he is playing and studying at the NBA Global Academy in Australia. He is a key player that Japan cannot ignore in the future. Japan's group opponents in the Asian Games are South Korea, Indonesia, and Qatar. Their first group stage game will be against Qatar on September 26 at 5:30 PM.