#  According to the International Testing Agency (ITA), Filipino basketball player Justin Brownlee has not passed the drug test at the Asian Games 
  According to the International Testing Agency (ITA), Filipino basketball player Justin Brownlee has not passed the drug test at the Asian Games. Additionally, Jordanian player Sami Bzai has also not passed.

 The Asian Olympic Council (OCA) has authorized the independent handling of the anti-doping program for the 2022 Hangzhou Asian Games, including the International Testing Agency (ITA) for results management. According to the World Anti-Doping Agency's (WADA) list of prohibited substances, the sample taken from Filipino basketball player Justin Brownlee tested positive for Carboxy-THC. According to the WADA list, Carboxy-THC is a specified prohibited substance and a derivative of marijuana. While marijuana use is still illegal in the Philippines and banned in international sports competitions, it is legal in some parts of the United States and has been removed from the NBA's list of banned substances.

 Some athletes use it for its medicinal properties, such as pain relief, anti-inflammatory effects, and faster recovery.

 According to a study published by the National Institutes of Health, "there is limited evidence of its [marijuana's] therapeutic effects, but it may be helpful for chronic pain," and "there is no evidence to suggest that marijuana can improve athletic performance."

 However, marijuana is still listed as a prohibited substance at the Asian Games, which is why Brownlee's urine sample was flagged. According to the anti-doping rules for the 19th Hangzhou Asian Games issued by the OCA, if two or more players from a team violate the anti-doping rules, the team's results may be cancelled. Currently, the Chinese men's basketball team has no chance of receiving the bronze medal.

 At this year's Asian Games basketball competition, the Philippines won the gold medal, Jordan took second place, China third, and the Chinese team fourth.