#  Recently, the Milwaukee Bucks joined Damian Lillard as the biggest rivals in the Eastern Conference 
  Recently, the Milwaukee Bucks joined Damian Lillard as the biggest rivals in the Eastern Conference. A few days ago, former NBA player JJ Redick invited Celtics head coach Joe Mazzulla to his show. They discussed Redick's two invitations to join the Celtics coaching staff last season, as well as their outlook for the Eastern Conference this season. Redick specifically asked Mazzulla about his thoughts on Damian Lillard joining the Bucks. Mazzulla's response was, "Lillard is a strong player and the Bucks are a strong team, but I don't have time to worry about these things."

Mazzulla quickly explained his reasoning behind this answer, saying, "Last year as a rookie head coach, I really wanted to secure the first seed in the regular season. When we didn't get it, I was even mad at myself. But the end result was the first seed losing to the eighth seed. You never know what can happen. If we were the first seed and got eliminated by the eighth seed, I might not even be sitting here." Redick then jokingly interjected, "I don't want to pour cold water on you, but you did lose to the eighth seed." Mazzulla clarified, "I meant losing in the first round." The two then laughed together, showing how much they enjoyed this conversation.

Mazzulla concluded the topic by saying, "Last year, what really taught me was that things can develop and change very quickly. I don't need to worry about so many things. That would only make me lose sight of the things we can actually see and control." He added, "If I worry too much about the Bucks, it will not only harm our players, but also affect the efficiency of the team. They will definitely be a 'nightmare' of a team, but my job is also to create a 'nightmare' of a team. Let's see how two 'nightmare' teams will fare against each other." 