# World Cup: Doncic complains about referee, says Brooks walking towards referee should not have blown the whistle

Luka Doncic 
 World Cup: Doncic complains about referee, says Brooks walking towards referee should not have blown the whistle

Luka Doncic.

Yesterday's quarter-final match of the FIBA World Cup between Canada and Slovenia ended with a focus on the issue of referees. In the fourth quarter, both Dillon Brooks and Luka Doncic received their second technical fouls of the game and were ejected.

During the post-game press conference, Doncic also talked about being ejected from the game. He said, "It was obvious that I was frustrated. Playing for the national team means a lot to me, and when we encounter problems on the court, I sometimes can't control myself." Regarding the fairness of the referee's enforcement, Doncic said, "Even teammates told me that the referee said to them, 'Brooks keeps walking towards us, so we won't blow the whistle for him (Brooks).' " Doncic expressed that this was very unfair. Despite knowing that he complains a lot, he still believes it is unfair. Canada kept making physical plays, but the referees didn't blow the whistle, which is unfair.

Regarding Brooks' defense yesterday, Doncic praised Brooks and said, "Brooks has always played this way, and I know that many people don't like him, but I respect what he does on the court, and he does it quite well." As for the key to Canada's victory yesterday, it was not only their strong defense but also the performance of Shai Gilgeous-Alexander on offense. Doncic said, "(SGA) is a difficult player to defend. He is one of the best players in the world."