# The individual awards of the World Cup have been announced 
 The individual awards of the World Cup have been announced. Luka Doncic was selected as the All-World Cup Team and Josh Giddey received the Best Newcomer award.

In addition to the MVP Dennis Schroder, the first team of the World Cup also includes Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Anthony Edwards, Bogdan Bogdanovic, and Luka Doncic, each from a different country. All five players currently play in the NBA.

Dennis Schroder led his team to win their first World Cup championship, averaging 19.1 points and 6.1 assists in 8 games with a shooting percentage of 43.5%. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander also led his team to their best finish in history (third place), averaging 24.5 points, 6.4 rebounds, and 6.4 assists with a shooting percentage of 54.4% in 8 games.

Anthony Edwards was the top scorer for the US team, consistently stepping up to score for the team when needed. In 8 games, he averaged 18.9 points, 4.6 rebounds, and 2.8 assists with a shooting percentage of 47.5%. Bogdan Bogdanovic also showed his dominance in the right system, averaging 19.1 points and 4.6 assists with a shooting percentage of 52.6% in 8 games. Despite only leading Slovenia to a seventh place finish, Luka Doncic still won the scoring title in his first World Cup appearance, averaging 27 points, 7.1 rebounds, and 6.1 assists with a shooting percentage of 42.7%. As for the first-ever Best Newcomer award, it was given to Josh Giddey from the Australian team. Although his team was eliminated in the Round of 16, he outperformed other young talents such as Nikola Jovic from Serbia and Juan Nunez from Spain, averaging 19.4 points, 5 rebounds, and 6 assists with a shooting percentage of 54.2% in 5 games.