# NBA praises Banchero's learning attitude, compares him to a sponge absorbing new knowledge without being complacent with his current situation 
 NBA praises Banchero's learning attitude, compares him to a sponge absorbing new knowledge without being complacent with his current situation.

Paolo Banchero.

Photo/Reuters

Paolo Banchero and former NBA player Isaiah Thomas, both from Seattle, have always had a good relationship. Recently, Isaiah Thomas praised Banchero's learning ability, comparing it to a sponge. He is constantly learning and not complacent with his current situation. Thomas said, "Paolo wants to learn, learn anything he can. He is willing to learn and willing to ask questions. The important thing is, he doesn't know how good he is. He's like a sponge absorbing new knowledge."

Speaking about his friendship with Banchero, Thomas mentioned that Banchero often texts him asking how to get better. Despite being the first overall pick, Rookie of the Year, and making it to the USA team this year, Banchero doesn't have a sense of self-importance, which is a good thing for him.

Facing his rookie season last year, Thomas said every rookie needs help during the season. Rookies often don't ask questions or think that someone is better, so they don't ask. Normally, they should seek assistance from teammates or others. Banchero is different. He asks many people about adapting to the NBA, especially in jump shooting. For such a talented player, this is a great quality. Paolo Banchero joined the league as the first overall pick last season, winning the Rookie of the Year award. He averaged 20 points, 6.9 rebounds, and 3.7 assists per game, and was also selected for the USA team in the World Cup this year.