# Video NBA talks about player discipline requirements 
 Video NBA talks about player discipline requirements. Cuban once traded a player who smoked too much

Mark Cuban. Image/From Twitter. Mark Cuban, the owner of the Dallas Mavericks, recently appeared on Patrick Beverley's show "Pat Bev Pod" and discussed the issue of players' bad habits. During the interview, Cuban revealed that he had traded a player because he smoked too much. Beverley asked, "If a player can average 17 points per game, but has some bad habits, such as being addicted to parties or gambling, would these habits affect the contract you offer to that player as a team owner?" Cuban replied affirmatively, "Yes, 100%, because this is a team. I'm not lying, I have traded players because they smoked too much." "Each team has its own culture. If there are young players still learning about the game, they may occasionally smoke without understanding the team's culture or the culture of the NBA. And then you have this guy, when you walk through the hallway in the hotel, you know which floor he lives on, and suddenly other young players start picking up this bad habit. When you see how they look when they come out of their rooms, and how their eyes suddenly turn red when they go to practice, you don't want them to go down that path," Cuban said. "Smoking is one thing, but the strength and frequency of what you smoke is another. If you go beyond that level, then you have to consider the big picture, which doesn't fit our team culture," Cuban said.