#  請繼續往下閱讀上個球季，勇士的球員因為輪休而缺席場次高達45場，這也是全聯盟最高的紀錄。但從現在起，勇士將不能這麼做了，新規定規定球隊必須在比賽前至少四天申告輪休，而且不能在同一場比賽輪休超過二位球員。這將會是對勇士的嚴峻挑戰，因為他們的主力球員都已經進入職業生涯的晚期，需要更多休息時間來保持最佳狀態。

 要如何在這個季節輪休，對於勇士來說，是一個充滿挑戰的問題。當然，這也是一個值得期待的季節，因為勇士將會面對一系列的考驗，而他們的反應將會決定他們能否重返冠軍寶座。從CP3適性到陣容深度勇士的一系列考驗，就在新球季即將到來的時候。At the end of September, when Golden State Warriors general manager Mike Dunleavy Jr 
  請繼續往下閱讀上個球季，勇士的球員因為輪休而缺席場次高達45場，這也是全聯盟最高的紀錄。但從現在起，勇士將不能這麼做了，新規定規定球隊必須在比賽前至少四天申告輪休，而且不能在同一場比賽輪休超過二位球員。這將會是對勇士的嚴峻挑戰，因為他們的主力球員都已經進入職業生涯的晚期，需要更多休息時間來保持最佳狀態。

 要如何在這個季節輪休，對於勇士來說，是一個充滿挑戰的問題。當然，這也是一個值得期待的季節，因為勇士將會面對一系列的考驗，而他們的反應將會決定他們能否重返冠軍寶座。從CP3適性到陣容深度勇士的一系列考驗，就在新球季即將到來的時候。At the end of September, when Golden State Warriors general manager Mike Dunleavy Jr. and head coach Steve Kerr first publicly interacted with the media before the new season, they clearly expressed the team's position: the Warriors heading towards the 2023-24 season are not only full of confidence, but also full of trust in each other.

Everything that troubled them last season, including interpersonal relationships, nightmares on the road, and a disappointing elimination in the conference semifinals, has been left behind.

With Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson, and Draymond Green back on the court, it seems to announce that their era is not over yet.

Please continue reading. However, Bob Myers, the architect of the dynasty, has also turned and left, while welcoming long-time rival Chris Paul to join the team. After entering the new season, the Warriors still have several questions that need to be answered. What is Paul's role? Are the Warriors' moves during the offseason enough? Have they found the reason for their struggles on the road last season? How will the trend of the new season affect Kerr and Thompson's contract extensions? As the preseason training camp gradually begins, here are several questions that will have the biggest impact on the Warriors and are waiting to be answered. Does CP3 need to start? How should the Warriors use this "point guard god"? When the Warriors acquired Paul in the summer, their biggest challenge was: how can this 38-year-old guard fit into the team? Up until now, they still don't have a clear answer. "I haven't made a decision yet," Kerr said. "I want to see how things go in training camp. We will try various options and observe the possibilities of each one." If the Warriors choose to start Paul, the most likely player to be replaced would be Andrew Wiggins or Kevon Looney.

If Looney is out, the Warriors will have the shortest starting lineup in NBA history. According to the ESPN database, the lineup composed of Curry, Paul, Thompson, Green, and Wiggins will be the first starting lineup without a player taller than 6 feet 7 inches in the opening game since the Baltimore Bullets in the 1970s.

"We will try various small-ball lineups in training camp and preseason," Kerr said. "With the excellent talent, versatility, and scoring firepower of this lineup, it should be a very difficult experiment to fail."

"We have always let Looney and Green start, and we still trust the lineup with two big men, and everyone can see that the results are excellent. But even so, we still have the option to change the lineup at any time."

When the Warriors sent Jordan Poole to the Washington Wizards and acquired Paul, the general reaction would be that Paul would come off the bench and inject his veteran stability into the Warriors' bench lineup. Although he has never played as a substitute in his 18-year career, Paul has been the leader of the second unit and has played with MVP-level point guards.

Between 2017 and 2019, when Paul played for the Houston Rockets, he played with James Harden, another guard who needed a lot of ball possession. This was Paul's first attempt in his career, and the result was very successful.

When Paul came on the court and Harden rested, the Rockets' offensive efficiency soared, only losing to two teams: the Warriors and the Rockets when all the players were on the court.

After the new season starts, Paul's arrival should bring more stability to the Warriors, especially when their MVP guard is resting.

In the 2022-23 season, when Curry rested, the Warriors' offensive efficiency dropped drastically, losing nearly 8 points every 100 possessions.

Photo source: Getty Images Will the road nightmare of last season come to an end? In the 2022-23 season, the Warriors lost all 10 away games at the beginning of the season, and their final away record was only 11 wins and 30 losses. The difference between the Warriors' home and away performances is amazing: their home record is excellent with 33 wins and 8 losses, and their defensive efficiency of 108.4 is also excellent, ranking third in the league. But when they played away games, they dropped straight down to 118.3, falling to the third worst record in the league. In the face of this phenomenon, Kerr, Curry, and Green have repeatedly emphasized that they just loosened a few screws and lost their focus when they left Chase Center. But on the other hand, the broken atmosphere caused by Green and Poole spread throughout the locker room, and Kerr later said that they did not get out of the shadow of that punch until the Warriors were eliminated by the Lakers in the playoffs.

This time, the Warriors will quickly find the answer to this problem, because their first 10 games of the new season will be away games, and there will be 4 consecutive games. There is another challenge for the Warriors, how should this aging team deal with the new rule of limiting rest? According to the ESPN database, the Warriors are the second oldest team in the league, second only to the Milwaukee Bucks.

Last season, the Warriors missed 45 games due to rest, which is also the highest record in the league. But from now on, the Warriors cannot do this anymore. The new regulations require teams to declare rest at least four days before the game, and they cannot rest more than two players in the same game. This will be a severe challenge for the Warriors because their main players are already in the late stage of their careers and need more rest time to maintain their best condition.

How to rest during this season is a challenging problem for the Warriors. Of course, this is also a season to look forward to, because the Warriors will face a series of tests, and their reaction will determine whether they can return to the championship. From CP3's adaptation to the Warriors' depth, a series of tests will come as the new season approaches.