# It seems that the "Redeem Team" of the United States has added another superstar 
 It seems that the "Redeem Team" of the United States has added another superstar. Washington Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma says that if the US team wants to win the gold medal, they will need some stars to take on smaller roles in the 2024 Olympics, and Phoenix Suns guard Devin Booker has volunteered for the position.

Kuzma tweeted, "Team USA needs to bring in some stars who know how to be role players. Anyone can score, but can you calmly defend and hit a few threes from the corner?" Booker retweeted Kuzma's tweet and wrote, "I would do that."

Booker previously represented Team USA in winning the gold medal at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. According to previous reports, LeBron James has expressed his desire to participate in another Olympics and has begun recruiting players such as Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Jayson Tatum, Anthony Davis, and Draymond Green.

If LeGM's recruitment is successful, we will see a star-studded Team USA in the Paris Olympics. However, in recent years, international competitions have shown that European countries are no longer the pushovers they used to be, and every national team has the ability to defeat NBA stars. Therefore, next year's Olympics will be very exciting. The US team will be looking to win their fifth consecutive gold medal. Booker, KD, and Green were all members of the team that won gold in Tokyo, and LeBron James hasn't played for the national team in a while, so this will be his last dance with Team USA.