#  According to reports from ESPN, the Houston Rockets have traded Kevin Porter Jr 
  According to reports from ESPN, the Houston Rockets have traded Kevin Porter Jr. and two second-round picks to the Oklahoma City Thunder in exchange for Victor Oladipo and Jeremiah Robinson-Earl. Following the trade, the Thunder have announced that they will be waiving Kevin Porter Jr.

The trade details are as follows: after being waived by the Thunder, Kevin Porter Jr. will be owed a guaranteed salary of $16.9 million over the next four years. In addition, the Thunder will now have a total of 15 first-round picks and 22 second-round picks over the next seven years.

Kevin Porter Jr. was arrested on September 11 for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Kysre Gondrezick, at the Millennium Hilton Hotel. The case is still ongoing. According to the New York Post, Kevin Porter Jr. clarified in a hearing on Monday in Manhattan that he did not cause his girlfriend's broken vertebrae. Assistant District Attorney Mirah Curzer ultimately dismissed the second-degree assault charge due to lack of evidence and informed Judge Jay Weiner on Monday that the initial injury, which appeared to be a broken vertebrae, was not caused by the defendant. While the second-degree assault charge was dismissed, Kevin Porter Jr. still faces charges of second-degree strangulation and third-degree assault, but he has not pled guilty to these charges. After the incident, the Rockets contacted multiple teams willing to give up draft compensation to trade away Kevin Porter Jr. It is expected that he will not be present at training camp.