#  NBA player Bruce Brown believes that the toughest series was against the Timberwolves, not the Lakers 
  NBA player Bruce Brown believes that the toughest series was against the Timberwolves, not the Lakers. LeBron ran out of gas in Game 4.

Detroit Pistons guard Bruce Brown recently appeared on Theo Pinson's Podcast. When asked if he expected his former team, the Nuggets, to sweep the Lakers in the Western Conference Finals last season, Brown said, "I didn't expect it. I didn't expect us to sweep them. I thought they would win a game in Los Angeles. I knew we would take Game 3, but I thought they would win Game 4 because they were already down 0-3, and I thought they would play harder. But LeBron ran out of gas.

He had 30 points in the first half, right? How much were they leading by? 15 points? "We (in the first half) kept missing shots, but LeBron couldn't do it anymore... He had to score 60 points to win.

He couldn't do it, he was exhausted. He started the third quarter so passive, and we thought, 'Oh, he's done.'

And we switched defenders on him, I defended poorly, but AG (Aaron Gordon) was strong, AG's performance throughout the playoffs was crucial.

"In Game 4 of the Western Conference Finals, LeBron played the entire game for 47 minutes and 56 seconds, scoring 40 points, 9 rebounds, and 9 assists on 15 of 25 shooting.

LeBron scored a staggering 31 points on 11 of 13 shooting in the first half, setting a new personal playoff career high for first-half points.

The Nuggets eliminated the Timberwolves in five games in the first round and defeated the Suns 4-2 in the semifinals before sweeping the Lakers in the Western Conference Finals.