#  Italian football legend Luigi Datome officially retires from the field

Luigi Datome has officially retired from professional basketball 
  Italian football legend Luigi Datome officially retires from the field

Luigi Datome has officially retired from professional basketball. In the seventh-eighth place playoff between Italy and Slovenia, it was also Datome's last game of his career. As Datome was substituted in the final quarter, both teams and everyone in the arena applauded, witnessing the final moment of this Italian legend on the court.

Datome began his professional career in 2004 with Sana 1871 Basketball Club in Siena. From 2008 to 2013, he played for Virtus Roma Basketball Club. Although he was not selected in the NBA draft in 2009, he signed a two-year contract with the Detroit Pistons in 2013 and joined the Boston Celtics in 2015. From 2015 to 2020, Datome played for Fenerbahce Sports Club, and from 2021 to 2023, he played for Olimpia Milano Basketball Club. He announced his retirement from professional basketball during this season.

This World Cup will also be Datome's last international competition. Before the game, he even hesitated to be included in the lineup, fearing that he might become a burden to Italy and cost them the game. However, Italian men's basketball head coach Gianmarco Pozzecco clearly disagreed. "Shut up! I decide! Get on the court!" Coach Pozzecco said to Datome.

"He wants to win the game. He is Gigi (Datome's nickname), you know... Even though nobody cares about this game, when everyone can focus on him leaving the game, Datome says he wants to win..." Coach Pozzecco said.

With 3 minutes and 26 seconds left in the game, Italy's Nicolò Melli suddenly fouled Luka Doncic. Luka was puzzled as to why his former teammate from the Dallas Mavericks would do such a thing, and thunderous applause erupted in the arena... When the Italian national anthem was played before the game, Datome also shed tears because this would be his last time standing on the international stage as a player. Luigi Datome shed tears while the Italian national anthem was playing.

"Gigi is a legend, he is unique, there is nothing like him. I don't deserve to be here because I haven't done anything worthy. But I am lucky to be close to Gigi at this moment, and I will never forget this moment because Gigi is a true legend," Coach Pozzecco said. Datome also made his retirement statement after the game: Luigi Datome has officially retired. Photo/FIBA Luigi Datome (right) embraces Luka Doncic (left). Photo/FIBA