# The NBA rest rule officially takes effect, and 48 players will be affected by this rule 
 The NBA rest rule officially takes effect, and 48 players will be affected by this rule.

The NBA rest rule was proposed earlier this week and was officially approved by the NBA Board of Directors a few days ago. It will take effect in the 2023-24 season, and it is expected that 48 players will be subject to this rule, prohibiting them from unexcused absences from regular-season games. The NBA rest policy has five main directions: besides the previous requirement that teams with multiple star players cannot rest them simultaneously, the NBA also applies the same standard to teams with star players, requiring players to be free from obvious injuries and not to miss important games (mid-season invitation games, national broadcasts in the United States), and personal awards have a requirement of playing in at least 65 games to be eligible for selection.

According to the player list compiled by ESPN reporter Bobby Marks, the list includes players who have been selected for the All-Star Game and All-NBA Team in the past three years. It is expected that 48 players will be affected by this rule. In addition, according to Marks' news, if you are selected as an All-Star player in the middle of the season, whether it is your first selection or a re-selection after three years, you will also be included in the list after your selection.

Marks gave the example of Tyrese Maxey of the Philadelphia 76ers. If he is selected for the All-Star Game for the first time in February next year, he will be included in this list after the All-Star Game, and the rest clause will apply to him in subsequent games. As for popular rookie Victor Wembanyama, Marks said that he will not be subject to the rest clause because he has no record of playing in the NBA in the past. Of course, he will not be included in this list unless he is selected for the All-Star Game in his rookie season. Marks also mentioned that there is no requirement for Rookie of the Year and the All-Rookie First and Second Teams to play at least 65 games in order to be selected.