#NBA praises Banchero's learning attitude, compares him to a sponge absorbing new knowledge without complacency about his current situation 
 NBA praises Banchero's learning attitude, compares him to a sponge absorbing new knowledge without complacency about his current situation.


Paolo Banchero and former NBA player Isaiah Thomas are both from Seattle, and they have always had a good relationship. Recently, Isaiah Thomas spoke about Banchero on the "GilsArenaShow" program, praising Banchero's learning ability, saying that he is like a sponge, constantly learning and not complacent about his current situation. Thomas said, "Paolo wants to learn, learn anything he can, he is willing to learn and ask questions. The key is that he doesn't know how good he is, he is absorbing new knowledge like a sponge." Speaking of his relationship with Banchero, Thomas also mentioned that Banchero often sends him text messages on how to improve. In the past, Banchero was already the number one draft pick, Rookie of the Year, and was selected for the USA team this year, but he doesn't have a sense of self-satisfaction, which is a good thing for him. Facing his rookie season last year, Thomas said that every rookie will need help during the season. Rookies often don't ask questions or think that they are better than others, but it is normal to seek assistance from teammates or others.

Banchero is different, he asks many people how to adapt to shooting in the NBA, and this is a very good quality for such a talented player like him.

Paolo Banchero joined the league as the number one draft pick last season, won the Rookie of the Year award, and averaged 20 points, 6.9 rebounds, and 3.7 assists per game in his rookie year. He was also selected for the US team in the World Cup this year.