#  According to ESPN reporter Dave McMenamin, Los Angeles Lakers head coach Darvin Ham talked to reporters after Tuesday's training about his expectations for Anthony Davis' outside shooting this season, hoping that AD will attempt at least six three-pointers per game 
  According to ESPN reporter Dave McMenamin, Los Angeles Lakers head coach Darvin Ham talked to reporters after Tuesday's training about his expectations for Anthony Davis' outside shooting this season, hoping that AD will attempt at least six three-pointers per game.

Ham said, "I want him to do it (if he can), but I know he won't want to do it. It would shock me if he did. I have asked him to try to shoot six three-pointers in one game, at least three in the first half."

"If I didn't think he could do it, I wouldn't ask him to. Davis also said in an interview after the preseason game against the Nets, "We talked more about three-pointers. It is obvious that three-pointers have become a focus and a change in the league. But it has to be done in rhythm. We have to have confidence in our shots and the ball will keep going in."

Ham added his thoughts on Davis' outside shooting, saying that it was one of Davis' goals during the off-season training to become a more consistent shooter from the outside, not just relying on his strengths. On the shooting aspect, Ham hopes Davis won't hesitate or overthink it, and if there's a good opportunity, we'll encourage him to shoot. However, ESPN also revealed a statistic that in the past three seasons (regular season + playoffs), among players who have attempted at least 500 jump shots, Davis ranks last in effective field goal percentage at 38%, out of 245 players. This shows that jump shooting is not Davis' strong suit. Since joining the Lakers, Davis' three-point attempts have decreased every year, with an average of only 1.3 attempts per game last year and a shooting percentage of only 25.7%. If Davis' shot attempts do increase per game, but his shooting percentage does not improve, it could be harmful to the Lakers.